# CloneToHostMapping

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**HostName** | **string** | Name of host/SDC to be mapped to the clone | 
**HostIp** | **string** | IP Address of host | 
**HostId** | **string** | Identifier of the host | 
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | This is a host mappings id generated by APEX Navigator for Multicloud Storage. | [optional] 
**Nqn** | Pointer to **string** | NVMe qualified name. Only applicable if host_initiator_protocol is NVMe. | [optional] 
**HostInitiatorProtocol** | Pointer to [**HostInitiatorProtocolEnum**](HostInitiatorProtocolEnum.md) |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewCloneToHostMapping

`func NewCloneToHostMapping(hostName string, hostIp string, hostId string, ) *CloneToHostMapping`

NewCloneToHostMapping instantiates a new CloneToHostMapping object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewCloneToHostMappingWithDefaults

`func NewCloneToHostMappingWithDefaults() *CloneToHostMapping`

NewCloneToHostMappingWithDefaults instantiates a new CloneToHostMapping object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetHostName

`func (o *CloneToHostMapping) GetHostName() string`

GetHostName returns the HostName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHostNameOk

`func (o *CloneToHostMapping) GetHostNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetHostNameOk returns a tuple with the HostName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHostName

`func (o *CloneToHostMapping) SetHostName(v string)`

SetHostName sets HostName field to given value.


### GetHostIp

`func (o *CloneToHostMapping) GetHostIp() string`

GetHostIp returns the HostIp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHostIpOk

`func (o *CloneToHostMapping) GetHostIpOk() (*string, bool)`

GetHostIpOk returns a tuple with the HostIp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHostIp

`func (o *CloneToHostMapping) SetHostIp(v string)`

SetHostIp sets HostIp field to given value.


### GetHostId

`func (o *CloneToHostMapping) GetHostId() string`

GetHostId returns the HostId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHostIdOk

`func (o *CloneToHostMapping) GetHostIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetHostIdOk returns a tuple with the HostId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHostId

`func (o *CloneToHostMapping) SetHostId(v string)`

SetHostId sets HostId field to given value.


### GetId

`func (o *CloneToHostMapping) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *CloneToHostMapping) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *CloneToHostMapping) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *CloneToHostMapping) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNqn

`func (o *CloneToHostMapping) GetNqn() string`

GetNqn returns the Nqn field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNqnOk

`func (o *CloneToHostMapping) GetNqnOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNqnOk returns a tuple with the Nqn field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNqn

`func (o *CloneToHostMapping) SetNqn(v string)`

SetNqn sets Nqn field to given value.

### HasNqn

`func (o *CloneToHostMapping) HasNqn() bool`

HasNqn returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetHostInitiatorProtocol

`func (o *CloneToHostMapping) GetHostInitiatorProtocol() HostInitiatorProtocolEnum`

GetHostInitiatorProtocol returns the HostInitiatorProtocol field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHostInitiatorProtocolOk

`func (o *CloneToHostMapping) GetHostInitiatorProtocolOk() (*HostInitiatorProtocolEnum, bool)`

GetHostInitiatorProtocolOk returns a tuple with the HostInitiatorProtocol field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHostInitiatorProtocol

`func (o *CloneToHostMapping) SetHostInitiatorProtocol(v HostInitiatorProtocolEnum)`

SetHostInitiatorProtocol sets HostInitiatorProtocol field to given value.

### HasHostInitiatorProtocol

`func (o *CloneToHostMapping) HasHostInitiatorProtocol() bool`

HasHostInitiatorProtocol returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


