---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "apex_navigator_storage_products Data Source - apex"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This Terraform Datasource is used to query existing storage products on Apex Navigator.
---

# apex_navigator_storage_products (Data Source)

This Terraform Datasource is used to query existing storage products on Apex Navigator.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the storage products datasource
- `storage_products` (Attributes List) List of storage products (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_products))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `system_type` (String) Filter by system_type


<a id="nestedatt--storage_products"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_products`

Optional:

- `cloud_type` (String) Enum for all the supported cloud providers (e.g., AWS - Amazon Web Services).
- `description` (String) Description of the storage product and its capabilities.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the storage product.
- `latest_version` (String) Latest supported version of the storage product on the cloud.
- `name` (String) Name of the storage product.
- `storage_type` (String) Enum representing all the supported storage types (e.g., BLOCK).
- `support_map` (Attributes List) Array of support mappings for the storage product. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_products--support_map))
- `system_type` (String) Enum for all the supported storage products (e.g., POWERFLEX, APEX block storage for cloud).

<a id="nestedatt--storage_products--support_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_products.support_map`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the support mapping.
- `supported_actions` (Attributes List) Enum for all the supported storage products actions (e.g., CREATE, DELETE, DEPLOY). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_products--support_map--supported_actions))
- `supported_evaluation_period` (Number) Evaluation period in days. After the evaluation period is expired, you need to purchase a license from Dell, to continue using the product.
- `version` (String) Version of the storage product on the cloud.

<a id="nestedatt--storage_products--support_map--supported_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_products.support_map.supported_actions`
