---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "apex_navigator_block_volumes Data Source - apex"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This Terraform Datasource is used to query existing volumes on Apex Navigator.
---

# apex_navigator_block_volumes (Data Source)

This Terraform Datasource is used to query existing volumes on Apex Navigator.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the volume datasource
- `volumes` (Attributes List) List of volumes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `ids` (Set of String) Filter by ids


<a id="nestedatt--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes`

Read-Only:

- `allocated_size` (Number) The allocated size of the volume - Unit: bytes
- `bandwidth` (Number) The bandwidth consumed by the volume. Aggregated for a rolling average over the last 24 hours - Unit: bytes/s
- `consistency_group_name` (String) Consistency group name of the volume.
- `data_reduction_percent` (Number) The data reduction percent for the volume.
- `data_reduction_ratio` (Number) The data reduction ratio for the volume.
- `data_reduction_saved_size` (Number) The data reduction capacity saved for the volume - Unit: bytes
- `id` (String) Identifier of the volume
- `io_limit_policy_name` (String) The IO limit policy name for the volume.
- `iops` (Number) The IOPS for the volume. Aggregated for a rolling average over the last 24 hours - Unit: IO/s
- `is_compressed_or_deduped` (String) Identifies whether the volume is compressed or deduplicated.
- `is_thin_enabled` (Boolean) Identifies whether the volume has thin provisioning enabled.
- `issue_count` (Number) Number of health issues that are present on the volume.
- `latency` (Number) The latency for the volume. Aggregated for a rolling average over the last 24 hours - Unit: microseconds
- `logical_size` (Number) The logical size for the volume - Unit: bytes
- `name` (String) The name of the volume.
- `native_id` (String) Identifier of the volume, defined by the system.
- `pool_id` (String) The pool identifier for the volume.
- `pool_name` (String) The pool name for the volume.
- `pool_type` (String) Type of the pool.
- `snap_shot_count` (Number) The snapshot count for the volume.
- `snap_shot_policy` (String) The snapshot policy for the volume.
- `snap_shot_size` (Number) The snapshot size for the volume - Unit: bytes
- `storage_resource_id` (String) The storage resource identifier for the volume.
- `storage_resource_native_id` (String) The storage resource native identifier for the volume.
- `system_id` (String) Unique identifier for the device or appliance.
- `system_model` (String) The model of the system.
- `system_name` (String) Name of the system for the volume.
- `system_type` (String) Type of the system for the volume
- `total_size` (Number) The total provisioned size of the volume - Unit: bytes
- `type` (String) Type of the volume, which is either LUN or VOLUME.
- `used_size` (Number) The used size of the volume - Unit: bytes
- `used_size_unique` (Number) The unique used size of the volume - Unit: bytes
