---
# Copyright (c) 2023-2024 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
#
# Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#     http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
#
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.

title: "apex_navigator_storages data source"
linkTitle: "apex_navigator_storages"
page_title: "apex_navigator_storages Data Source - apex"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This Terraform Datasource is used to query existing storages on Apex Navigator.
---

# apex_navigator_storages (Data Source)

This Terraform Datasource is used to query existing storages on Apex Navigator.

## Example Usage

```terraform
/*
Copyright (c) 2024 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/


Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
*/

# Returns all of the storages
data "apex_navigator_storages" "example" {}

output "examples_storages" {
  value = data.apex_navigator_storages.example
}

# Returns a filtered list of storages
# data "apex_navigator_storages" "example" {
#   filter {
#     ids = ["POWERFLEX-ELMSIOENG10015"] 
#     system_type = "ISILON"
#   }
# }

# output "examples_storages" {
#   value = data.apex_navigator_storages.example
# }
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the storage datasource
- `storages` (Attributes List) List of storages (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storages))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `ids` (Set of String) Filter by ids
- `system_type` (String) Filter by system type


<a id="nestedatt--storages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storages`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Identifier for the storage system

Read-Only:

- `bandwidth` (Number) The system bandwidth. Aggregated for a rolling average over the last 24 hours - Unit: bytes/s
- `capacity_impact` (Number) Impact point of highest impacting issue in the capacity health category
- `capacity_issue_count` (Number) Total number of issues in the capacity health category
- `compression_savings` (Number) Storage efficiency ratio of data which has compression applied to it on the system.
- `configuration_impact` (Number) Impact point of highest impacting issue in the configuration health category.
- `configuration_issue_count` (Number) Total number of issues in the configuration health category.
- `configured_size` (Number) The configured size for this system - Unit: bytes.
- `connectivity_status` (String) Connectivity status.
- `contract_coverage_type` (String) Type of the service contract of the system.
- `contract_expiration_date_timestamp` (String) Expiration date for the service contract of the system.
- `data_protection_impact` (Number) Impact point of highest impacting issue in the data protection health category.
- `data_protection_issue_count` (Number) Total number of issues in the data protection health category.
- `deployment_details` (Attributes) Details of the deployment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storages--deployment_details))
- `display_identifier` (String) Unique identifier for the system.
- `free_percent` (Number) The %free capacity.
- `free_size` (Number) The free size value - Unit: bytes.
- `health_connectivity_status` (String) Health connectivity status.
- `health_issue_count` (Number) Total amount of health issues.
- `health_score` (Number) The overall health score of the system.
- `health_state` (String) Health state of the system.
- `iops` (Number) The IOPS for the system. Aggregated for a rolling average over the last 24 hours - Unit: IO/s.
- `ipv4_address` (String) IPv4 address of the system.
- `ipv6_address` (String) IPv6 address of the system.
- `last_contact_timestamp` (String) Last time that CloudIQ received data from the system.
- `latency` (Number) The latency for the system. Aggregated for a rolling average over the last 24 hours - Unit: microseconds.
- `license_expiration_date_timestamp` (String) Expiration date for the license on the system.
- `license_type` (String) Type of the license on the system.
- `logical_size` (Number) The logical size written - Unit: bytes.
- `model` (String) The model of the system.
- `name` (String) The user-defined name of the system.
- `overall_efficiency` (Number) The overall system-level storage efficiency ratio based on Thin, Snapshots, Deduplication, and Data Reduction.
- `performance_impact` (Number) Impact point of highest impacting issue in the performance health category.
- `performance_issue_count` (Number) Total number of issues in the performance health category.
- `product_version` (String) Product version.
- `serial_number` (String) The serial number for this system.
- `site_name` (String) Name of the site where the system is registered to.
- `snaps_savings` (Number) The snaps savings for this system.
- `storage_system_type` (String) Type of the system
- `system_health_impact` (Number) Health impact for the system.
- `system_health_issue_count` (Number) Total amount of health issues for the system.
- `system_id` (String) Unique identifier for the device or appliance
- `system_type` (String) Type of the system
- `thin_savings` (Number) The savings due to thin provisioning.
- `total_size` (Number) The total size of the system - Unit: bytes.
- `unconfigured_size` (Number) The unconfigured capacity for this system - Unit: bytes.
- `used_percent` (Number) Percentage of capacity used for this system.
- `used_size` (Number) The value of used capacity for this system - Unit: bytes.
- `vendor` (String) Name of the vendor who makes the system.
- `version` (String) Version identifier.

<a id="nestedatt--storages--deployment_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storages.deployment_details`

Read-Only:

- `system_on_prem` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storages--deployment_details--system_on_prem))
- `system_public_cloud` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud))

<a id="nestedatt--storages--deployment_details--system_on_prem"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storages.deployment_details.system_on_prem`

Read-Only:

- `city` (String) Name of the city where the system is located.
- `country` (String) Name of the country where the system is located.
- `deployment_type` (String) System deployment types (e.g. PUBLIC_CLOUD)
- `location` (String) User provided description of where the system is located.
- `site_name` (String) Name of the site where the system is located
- `state` (String) Name of the state where the system is located.
- `street_address_1` (String) Street address 1 of where the system is located
- `street_address_2` (String) Street address 2 of where the system is located
- `zip_code` (String) Zip code of where the system is located


<a id="nestedatt--storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storages.deployment_details.system_public_cloud`

Optional:

- `iam_instance_profile` (String) Raw capacity requested during the deployment time - Unit: bytes
- `raw_capacity` (String) Raw capacity requested during the deployment time - Unit: bytes

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone_topology` (String) This enum represents all the availability zone topology * SINGLE_AVAILABILITY_ZONE * MULTIPLE_AVAILABILITY_ZONE
- `cloud_account` (String) Cloud provider account where the storage system resides
- `cloud_management_address` (String) Management IPv4 or IPv6 address or DNS name of the storage system in cloud
- `cloud_region` (String) Cloud provider region where the storage system resides
- `cloud_type` (String) Enum for all the supported cloud providers * AWS - Amazon Web Services
- `deployment_type` (String) System deployment types (e.g. PUBLIC_CLOUD)
- `minimum_capacity` (Number) Minimum capacity requested during the deployment time - Unit: bytes
- `minimum_iops` (Number) Minimum IOPS requested during the deployment time - Unit: IO/s
- `ssh_key_name` (String)
- `subnet_options` (Attributes List) Subnet options (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--subnet_options))
- `tier_type` (String) Tier type requested during the deployment time
- `virtual_private_cloud` (String) Cloud virtual private environment identifier
- `vpc` (Attributes) VPC (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--vpc))

<a id="nestedatt--storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--subnet_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storages.deployment_details.system_public_cloud.vpc`

Read-Only:

- `subnet_option` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--vpc--subnet_option))

<a id="nestedatt--storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--vpc--subnet_option"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storages.deployment_details.system_public_cloud.vpc.subnet_option`

Read-Only:

- `cidr_block` (String)
- `subnet_id` (String)
- `subnet_type` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--vpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storages.deployment_details.system_public_cloud.vpc`

Read-Only:

- `is_new_vpc` (Boolean)
- `vpc_id` (String)
- `vpc_name` (String)