docs/data-sources/navigator_block_storages.md, before:

---
# Copyright (c) 2023 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
# 
# Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
# 
#     http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
# 
# 
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.

title: "apex_navigator_block_storages data source"
linkTitle: "apex_navigator_block_storages"
page_title: "apex_navigator_block_storages Data Source - apex"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# apex_navigator_block_storages (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `block_storages` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--block_storages))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--block_storages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `block_storages`

Optional:

- `cirrus_deployed` (Boolean)
- `id` (String) Unique Host Claim ID

Read-Only:

- `bandwidth` (Number)
- `capacity_impact` (Number)
- `capacity_issue_count` (Number)
- `compression_savings` (Number)
- `configuration_impact` (Number)
- `configuration_issue_count` (Number)
- `configured_size` (Number)
- `connectivity_status` (String)
- `contract_coverage_type` (String)
- `contract_expiration_date_timestamp` (String)
- `data_protection_impact` (Number)
- `data_protection_issue_count` (Number)
- `deployment_details` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details))
- `display_identifier` (String)
- `free_percent` (Number)
- `free_size` (Number)
- `health_connectivity_status` (String)
- `health_issue_count` (Number)
- `health_score` (Number)
- `health_state` (String)
- `iops` (Number)
- `ipv4_address` (String)
- `ipv6_address` (String)
- `last_contact_timestamp` (String)
- `latency` (Number)
- `license_expiration_date_timestamp` (String)
- `license_type` (String)
- `logical_size` (Number)
- `model` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `overall_efficiency` (Number)
- `performance_impact` (Number)
- `performance_issue_count` (Number)
- `product_version` (String)
- `serial_number` (String)
- `site_name` (String)
- `snaps_savings` (Number)
- `system_health_impact` (Number)
- `system_health_issue_count` (Number)
- `system_id` (String)
- `system_type` (String)
- `thin_savings` (Number)
- `total_size` (Number)
- `unconfigured_size` (Number)
- `used_percent` (Number)
- `used_size` (Number)
- `vendor` (String)
- `version` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `block_storages.deployment_details`

Read-Only:

- `system_on_prem` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details--system_on_prem))
- `system_public_cloud` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud))

<a id="nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details--system_on_prem"></a>
### Nested Schema for `block_storages.deployment_details.system_on_prem`

Read-Only:

- `city` (String)
- `country` (String)
- `deployment_type` (String)
- `location` (String)
- `site_name` (String)
- `state` (String)
- `street_address_1` (String)
- `street_address_2` (String)
- `zip_code` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud"></a>
### Nested Schema for `block_storages.deployment_details.system_public_cloud`

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone_topology` (String)
- `cloud_account` (String)
- `cloud_management_address` (String)
- `cloud_region` (String)
- `cloud_type` (String)
- `deployment_type` (String)
- `minimum_capacity` (Number)
- `minimum_iops` (Number)
- `ssh_key_name` (String)
- `subnet_options` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--subnet_options))
- `tier_type` (String)
- `virtual_private_cloud` (String)
- `vpc` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--vpc))

<a id="nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--subnet_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `block_storages.deployment_details.system_public_cloud.vpc`

Read-Only:

- `subnet_option` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--vpc--subnet_option))

<a id="nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--vpc--subnet_option"></a>
### Nested Schema for `block_storages.deployment_details.system_public_cloud.vpc.subnet_option`

Read-Only:

- `cidr_block` (String)
- `subnet_id` (String)
- `subnet_type` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--vpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `block_storages.deployment_details.system_public_cloud.vpc`

Read-Only:

- `is_new_vpc` (Boolean)
- `vpc_id` (String)
- `vpc_name` (String)

Commit message:

Update prefix navigator_block to all features Add Automated Docs (#25)

docs/data-sources/navigator_block_storages.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "apex_navigator_block_storages Data Source - apex"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# apex_navigator_block_storages (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))

### Read-Only

- `block_storages` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--block_storages))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `ids` (Set of String) Filter by ids


<a id="nestedatt--block_storages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `block_storages`

Optional:

- `cirrus_deployed` (Boolean)
- `id` (String) Unique Host Claim ID

Read-Only:

- `bandwidth` (Number)
- `capacity_impact` (Number)
- `capacity_issue_count` (Number)
- `compression_savings` (Number)
- `configuration_impact` (Number)
- `configuration_issue_count` (Number)
- `configured_size` (Number)
- `connectivity_status` (String)
- `contract_coverage_type` (String)
- `contract_expiration_date_timestamp` (String)
- `data_protection_impact` (Number)
- `data_protection_issue_count` (Number)
- `deployment_details` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details))
- `display_identifier` (String)
- `free_percent` (Number)
- `free_size` (Number)
- `health_connectivity_status` (String)
- `health_issue_count` (Number)
- `health_score` (Number)
- `health_state` (String)
- `iops` (Number)
- `ipv4_address` (String)
- `ipv6_address` (String)
- `last_contact_timestamp` (String)
- `latency` (Number)
- `license_expiration_date_timestamp` (String)
- `license_type` (String)
- `logical_size` (Number)
- `model` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `overall_efficiency` (Number)
- `performance_impact` (Number)
- `performance_issue_count` (Number)
- `product_version` (String)
- `serial_number` (String)
- `site_name` (String)
- `snaps_savings` (Number)
- `system_health_impact` (Number)
- `system_health_issue_count` (Number)
- `system_id` (String)
- `system_type` (String)
- `thin_savings` (Number)
- `total_size` (Number)
- `unconfigured_size` (Number)
- `used_percent` (Number)
- `used_size` (Number)
- `vendor` (String)
- `version` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `block_storages.deployment_details`

Read-Only:

- `system_on_prem` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details--system_on_prem))
- `system_public_cloud` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud))

<a id="nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details--system_on_prem"></a>
### Nested Schema for `block_storages.deployment_details.system_on_prem`

Read-Only:

- `city` (String)
- `country` (String)
- `deployment_type` (String)
- `location` (String)
- `site_name` (String)
- `state` (String)
- `street_address_1` (String)
- `street_address_2` (String)
- `zip_code` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud"></a>
### Nested Schema for `block_storages.deployment_details.system_public_cloud`

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone_topology` (String)
- `cloud_account` (String)
- `cloud_management_address` (String)
- `cloud_region` (String)
- `cloud_type` (String)
- `deployment_type` (String)
- `minimum_capacity` (Number)
- `minimum_iops` (Number)
- `ssh_key_name` (String)
- `subnet_options` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--subnet_options))
- `tier_type` (String)
- `virtual_private_cloud` (String)
- `vpc` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--vpc))

<a id="nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--subnet_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `block_storages.deployment_details.system_public_cloud.vpc`

Read-Only:

- `subnet_option` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--vpc--subnet_option))

<a id="nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--vpc--subnet_option"></a>
### Nested Schema for `block_storages.deployment_details.system_public_cloud.vpc.subnet_option`

Read-Only:

- `cidr_block` (String)
- `subnet_id` (String)
- `subnet_type` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--block_storages--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--vpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `block_storages.deployment_details.system_public_cloud.vpc`

Read-Only:

- `is_new_vpc` (Boolean)
- `vpc_id` (String)
- `vpc_name` (String)
