---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "apex_navigator_block_storage Resource - apex"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# apex_navigator_block_storage (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The user-defined name of the system.
- `product_version` (String) Product version.
- `system_type` (String) Type of the system

### Optional

- `bandwidth` (Number) The system bandwidth. Aggregated for a rolling average over the last 24 hours - Unit: bytes/s
- `capacity_impact` (Number) Impact point of highest impacting issue in the capacity health category
- `capacity_issue_count` (Number) Total number of issues in the capacity health category
- `cirrus_deployed` (Boolean) If the system deployed in Cirrus
- `compression_savings` (Number) Storage efficiency ratio of data which has compression applied to it on the system.
- `configuration_impact` (Number) Impact point of highest impacting issue in the configuration health category.
- `configuration_issue_count` (Number) Total number of issues in the configuration health category.
- `configured_size` (Number) The configured size for this system - Unit: bytes.
- `connectivity_status` (String) Connectivity status.
- `contract_coverage_type` (String) Type of the service contract of the system.
- `contract_expiration_date_timestamp` (String) Expiration date for the service contract of the system.
- `data_protection_impact` (Number) Impact point of highest impacting issue in the data protection health category.
- `data_protection_issue_count` (Number) Total number of issues in the data protection health category.
- `deployment_details` (Attributes) Details of the deployment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deployment_details))
- `display_identifier` (String) Unique identifier for the system.
- `free_percent` (Number) The %free capacity.
- `free_size` (Number) The free size value - Unit: bytes.
- `health_connectivity_status` (String) Health connectivity status.
- `health_issue_count` (Number) Total amount of health issues.
- `health_score` (Number) The overall health score of the system.
- `health_state` (String) Health state of the system.
- `id` (String) Identifier for the storage system
- `iops` (Number) The IOPS for the system. Aggregated for a rolling average over the last 24 hours - Unit: IO/s.
- `ipv4_address` (String) IPv4 address of the system.
- `ipv6_address` (String) IPv6 address of the system.
- `last_contact_timestamp` (String) Last time that CloudIQ received data from the system.
- `latency` (Number) The latency for the system. Aggregated for a rolling average over the last 24 hours - Unit: microseconds.
- `license_expiration_date_timestamp` (String) Expiration date for the license on the system.
- `license_type` (String) Type of the license on the system.
- `logical_size` (Number) The logical size written - Unit: bytes.
- `model` (String) The model of the system.
- `overall_efficiency` (Number) The overall system-level storage efficiency ratio based on Thin, Snapshots, Deduplication, and Data Reduction.
- `performance_impact` (Number) Impact point of highest impacting issue in the performance health category.
- `performance_issue_count` (Number) Total number of issues in the performance health category.
- `powerflex` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--powerflex))
- `serial_number` (String) The serial number for this system.
- `site_name` (String) Name of the site where the system is registered to.
- `snaps_savings` (Number) The snaps savings for this system.
- `system_health_impact` (Number) Health impact for the system.
- `system_health_issue_count` (Number) Total amount of health issues for the system.
- `system_id` (String) Unique identifier for the device or appliance
- `thin_savings` (Number) The savings due to thin provisioning.
- `total_size` (Number) The total size of the system - Unit: bytes.
- `unconfigured_size` (Number) The unconfigured capacity for this system - Unit: bytes.
- `used_percent` (Number) Percentage of capacity used for this system.
- `used_size` (Number) The value of used capacity for this system - Unit: bytes.
- `vendor` (String) Name of the vendor who makes the system.

### Read-Only

- `version` (String) Version identifier.

<a id="nestedatt--deployment_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployment_details`

Optional:

- `system_on_prem` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deployment_details--system_on_prem))
- `system_public_cloud` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deployment_details--system_public_cloud))

<a id="nestedatt--deployment_details--system_on_prem"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployment_details.system_on_prem`

Optional:

- `city` (String) Name of the city where the system is located.
- `country` (String) Name of the country where the system is located.
- `deployment_type` (String) System deployment types (e.g. PUBLIC_CLOUD)
- `location` (String) User provided description of where the system is located.
- `site_name` (String) Name of the site where the system is located
- `state` (String) Name of the state where the system is located.
- `street_address_1` (String) Street address 1 of where the system is located
- `street_address_2` (String) Street address 2 of where the system is located
- `zip_code` (String) Zip code of where the system is located


<a id="nestedatt--deployment_details--system_public_cloud"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployment_details.system_public_cloud`

Required:

- `cloud_account` (String) Cloud provider account where the storage system resides
- `cloud_region` (String) Cloud provider region where the storage system resides
- `cloud_type` (String) Enum for all the supported cloud providers * AWS - Amazon Web Services
- `minimum_capacity` (Number) Minimum capacity requested during the deployment time - Unit: bytes
- `minimum_iops` (Number) Minimum IOPS requested during the deployment time - Unit: IO/s
- `ssh_key_name` (String)
- `subnet_options` (Attributes List) Subnet options (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--subnet_options))
- `tier_type` (String) Tier type requested during the deployment time
- `vpc` (Attributes) VPC (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--vpc))

Optional:

- `availability_zone_topology` (String) This enum represents all the availability zone topology * SINGLE_AVAILABILITY_ZONE * MULTIPLE_AVAILABILITY_ZONE
- `cloud_management_address` (String) Management IPv4 or IPv6 address or DNS name of the storage system in cloud
- `deployment_type` (String) System deployment types (e.g. PUBLIC_CLOUD)
- `virtual_private_cloud` (String) Cloud virtual private environment identifier

<a id="nestedatt--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--subnet_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployment_details.system_public_cloud.subnet_options`

Optional:

- `cidr_block` (String)
- `subnet_id` (String)
- `subnet_type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--deployment_details--system_public_cloud--vpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployment_details.system_public_cloud.vpc`

Optional:

- `is_new_vpc` (Boolean)
- `vpc_id` (String)
- `vpc_name` (String)




<a id="nestedblock--powerflex"></a>
### Nested Schema for `powerflex`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password of the powerflex
- `username` (String) Username of the powerflex

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host, ip or hostname of the powerflex. If left empty we will attempt to get the ip through Apex from the ID
- `insecure` (Boolean) Validated the certificate when connecting to the powerflex, defaults if unset to true
- `scheme` (String) Scheme of the powerflex, defaults if unset to https
