docs/resources/navigator_block_mobility_groups_copy.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "apex_navigator_block_mobility_groups_copy Resource - apex"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This Terraform resource is used to copy source Data Mobility Group to target on Apex Navigator.
---

# apex_navigator_block_mobility_groups_copy (Resource)

This Terraform resource is used to copy source Data Mobility Group to target on Apex Navigator.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `mobility_source_id` (String) Source ID of the Mobility Group
- `mobility_target_id` (String) Target ID of the Mobility Group

### Optional

- `powerflex_source` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--powerflex_source))
- `powerflex_target` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--powerflex_target))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the Mobility Group Copy Job
- `status` (String) Status of the Mobility Group Copy Job

<a id="nestedblock--powerflex_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `powerflex_source`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password of the powerflex
- `username` (String) Username of the powerflex

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host, ip or hostname of the powerflex. If left empty we will attempt to get the ip through Apex from the ID
- `insecure` (Boolean) Validated the certificate when connecting to the powerflex, defaults if unset to true
- `scheme` (String) Scheme of the powerflex, defaults if unset to https


<a id="nestedblock--powerflex_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `powerflex_target`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password of the powerflex
- `username` (String) Username of the powerflex

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host, ip or hostname of the powerflex. If left empty we will attempt to get the ip through Apex from the ID
- `insecure` (Boolean) Validated the certificate when connecting to the powerflex, defaults if unset to true
- `scheme` (String) Scheme of the powerflex, defaults if unset to https

Commit message:

Async Activation Check
- During the Copy Resource allow the Activation to do an async check
  every 30 seconds to see if the Powerflex or PowerScale token is still
  active
- Added an experiation check, if the token is being check and it will
  expire in less the 5 minutes go ahead and get a new token and update
  with Apex.

docs/resources/navigator_block_mobility_groups_copy.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "apex_navigator_block_mobility_groups_copy Resource - apex"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This Terraform resource is used to copy source Data Mobility Group to target on Apex Navigator.
---

# apex_navigator_block_mobility_groups_copy (Resource)

This Terraform resource is used to copy source Data Mobility Group to target on Apex Navigator.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `mobility_source_id` (String) Source ID of the Mobility Group
- `mobility_target_id` (String) Target ID of the Mobility Group

### Optional

- `powerflex_source` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--powerflex_source))
- `powerflex_target` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--powerflex_target))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the Mobility Group Copy Job
- `status` (String) Status of the Mobility Group Copy Job

<a id="nestedblock--powerflex_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `powerflex_source`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password of the powerflex
- `username` (String) Username of the powerflex

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host, ip or hostname of the powerflex. If left empty we will attempt to get the ip through Apex from the ID
- `insecure` (Boolean) Validated the certificate when connecting to the powerflex, defaults if unset to true
- `poll_interval` (Number) Poll interval for long-running operations in seconds. This will check if the powerflex is activated every interval. Defaults if unset to 30
- `scheme` (String) Scheme of the powerflex, defaults if unset to https


<a id="nestedblock--powerflex_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `powerflex_target`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password of the powerflex
- `username` (String) Username of the powerflex

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host, ip or hostname of the powerflex. If left empty we will attempt to get the ip through Apex from the ID
- `insecure` (Boolean) Validated the certificate when connecting to the powerflex, defaults if unset to true
- `poll_interval` (Number) Poll interval for long-running operations in seconds. This will check if the powerflex is activated every interval. Defaults if unset to 30
- `scheme` (String) Scheme of the powerflex, defaults if unset to https
