docs/resources/navigator_block_clones.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "apex_navigator_block_clones Resource - apex"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# apex_navigator_block_clones (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `mobility_target_id` (String)

### Optional

- `description` (String)
- `host_mappings` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host_mappings))
- `name` (String) Name of the clone

### Read-Only

- `clone_volumes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clone_volumes))
- `creation_timestamp` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `image_timestamp` (String)
- `refresh_timestamp` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--host_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host_mappings`

Required:

- `host_id` (String)

Read-Only:

- `host_initiator_protocol` (String)
- `host_ip` (String)
- `host_name` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `nqn` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--clone_volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clone_volumes`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `parent_id` (String)
- `size` (String)

Commit message:

Powerflex Activation (#28)
- Add the code to do powerflex activation
- Make sure import works with new `powerflex` block in the clones,
  mobility-target and mobility-groups.
- Update example files and unit test for all resources which use the new
  powerflex activation.
- Add Powerflex Client

docs/resources/navigator_block_clones.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "apex_navigator_block_clones Resource - apex"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# apex_navigator_block_clones (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `mobility_target_id` (String)
- `system_id` (String)

### Optional

- `description` (String)
- `host_mappings` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host_mappings))
- `name` (String) Name of the clone
- `powerflex` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--powerflex))

### Read-Only

- `clone_volumes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clone_volumes))
- `creation_timestamp` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `image_timestamp` (String)
- `refresh_timestamp` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--host_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host_mappings`

Required:

- `host_id` (String)

Read-Only:

- `host_initiator_protocol` (String)
- `host_ip` (String)
- `host_name` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `nqn` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--powerflex"></a>
### Nested Schema for `powerflex`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password of the powerflex
- `username` (String) Username of the powerflex

Optional:

- `host` (String) Host, ip or hostname of the powerflex. If left empty we will attempt to get the ip through Apex from the ID
- `insecure` (Boolean) Validated the certificate when connecting to the powerflex, defaults if unset to true
- `scheme` (String) Scheme of the powerflex, defaults if unset to https


<a id="nestedatt--clone_volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clone_volumes`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `parent_id` (String)
- `size` (String)
